Repackage spec as installable woo-stack skill (#138)
howarewoo/monorepo-template: skills/woo-stack/references/decisions.md

## Confirmation protocol

Run this gate **before** any scaffolding (it is step 0 of [bootstrap.md](bootstrap.md)).

0. **Start from the goal.** The skill is invoked as `/woo-stack <goal>`. Read that goal first and infer a *recommended* shape — name, surfaces, candidate features, likely capabilities — then present each decision below pre-filled with that recommendation, not a blank default. Example: "mobile app for cataloging recipes" → recommend `mobile` (+ `api` for sync), a `recipes` feature, Supabase Postgres + Storage (images) + Auth (accounts), and *no* billing. The user still confirms or overrides every item; the goal just makes the recommendations specific instead of generic.
1. **Surface only the relevant decisions.** Filter by the recommended/confirmed surfaces — don't ask mobile questions if there's no `mobile` surface, don't ask the API-host question if there's no `api`.
2. **For every decision below, state the default and the alternatives, then get an explicit answer.** "Confirm everything" means the user actively accepts each default — silence is not consent. Group related decisions so the user answers in batches, not one popup at a time.

> 3. **Capabilities are opt-in.** For billing, transactional email, webhooks, chat, observability, realtime, and feature flags, first ask whether the project needs the capability at all. If no, skip its package and env entirely. If yes, confirm the provider.

Author: **Confirmation protocol lists flags as opt-in, contradicting section 5** · _bugs · HIGH · blocking_

Confirmation protocol step 3 (line 12) explicitly lists feature flags as an opt-in capability with the instruction "If no, skip its package and env entirely." Section 5 of the same file directly contradicts this: the `flags` package is explicitly marked not opt-in — a standing package scaffolded empty in every project. An agent following step 3 that receives a "no" to feature flags will skip the package entirely, breaking the standing-package contract stated in section 5 and in bootstrap.md.

**Suggested fix:** Remove 'feature flags' from the opt-in list in step 3 of the confirmation protocol, since flags is a standing package exception documented in section 5.

```suggestion
3. **Capabilities are opt-in.** For billing, transactional email, webhooks, chat, observability, and realtime, first ask whether the project needs the capability at all. If no, skip its package and env entirely. If yes, confirm the provider. (Exception: `flags` is always scaffolded — see section 5.)
```

Author: Fixed in 76bbe66. Dropped feature flags from the opt-in list in step 3 and noted inline that `flags` is the standing-package exception (matches section 5 and bootstrap.md).
